[WIP] Add documentation for MTChannelBasedBroker (#5501)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/brokers/broker-types/mt-channel-based-broker/README.md

# Multi-tenant channel based Broker

> The Multi-tenant channel based Broker (MTChannelBasedBroker) uses [Channels](../../../channels) for event routing. It is shipped by default with Knative Eventing.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Multi-tenant channel based Broker (MTChannelBasedBroker) uses [Channels](../../../channels) for event routing. It is shipped by default with Knative Eventing.
Users should prefer native Broker implementations over the MTChannelBasedBroker and channel combo because it is usually more efficient. 
```

> Users should prefer native Broker implementations over the MTChannelBasedBroker and channel combo because it is usually more efficient. 

Reviewer 2: Why should users prefer this? Please explain it if we're mentioning it here, i.e. how is it more efficient, and what is native referring to?
Please don't shorten words like "combo", write out "combination"

Author: Added a bit more context. This is mostly from the native Broker implementation pages.

Author: Is it clearer now?

## Prerequisites

> You need to have Knative Eventing installed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You have Knative Eventing installed.
```

## Install a channel implementation

As the MTChannelBasedBroker is based on Channels, you need to install a Channel implementation. Check out the [available Channels](../../../channels/channels-crds.md) for a (non-exhaustive) list of the available Channels for Knative Eventing.

You can install e.g. the in-memory channel via:

```bash
kubectl apply -f {{ artifact(repo="eventing",file="in-memory-channel.yaml")}}

> ```

Reviewer 2: Make this a bullet in the prerequisites instead of a separate heading / section

Author: :+1: Updated

## Create a MTChannelBasedBroker

You can create a MTChannelBasedBroker by using the `kn` CLI or by applying YAML files using `kubectl`.

=== "kn"

    You can create a MTChannelBasedBroker by entering the following command:

    ```bash
    kn broker create <broker-name> --class MTChannelBasedBroker
    ```

=== "kubectl"

    The YAML in the following example creates a broker named `default`.

    1. Create a MTChannelBasedBroker by creating a YAML file using the following template:

        ```yaml
        apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
        kind: Broker
        metadata:
          annotations:
            eventing.knative.dev/broker.class: MTChannelBasedBroker
          name: <broker-name>
        ```
  
        !!! note

>             Note, that the broker class is specified via the `eventing.knative.dev/broker.class` annotation (as for all Broker types).

Reviewer 2: Please don't use parenthesis. See https://github.com/knative/docs/blob/main/contribute-to-docs/style-guide/style-and-formatting.md#only-use-parentheses-for-acronym-explanations

Author: :+1: Done

    1. Apply the YAML file:

        ```bash
        kubectl apply -f <filename>.yaml
        ```
        Where `<filename>` is the name of the file you created in the previous step.

## Configuration

> There are multiple ways to configure a Broker. You either can do the configuration on the Broker object itself or you can define some cluster and namespace default values:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You configure the Broker object itself, or you can define cluster or namespace default values.
```

### Broker specific configuration

> It is possible to configure each Broker individually. This is done, by referencing a ConfigMap in the Brokers `.spec.config`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is possible to configure each Broker individually by referencing a ConfigMap in the `spec.config`:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
kind: Broker
metadata:
  annotations:
    eventing.knative.dev/broker.class: MTChannelBasedBroker
  name: default
spec:
  # Configuration specific to this broker.
  config:
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: ConfigMap
    name: my-broker-specific-configuration
    namespace: default
```

> This referenced ConfigMap must contain a `channel-template-spec`, defining the underlining channel implementation for this Broker and eventually some channel specific configuration. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The referenced ConfigMap must contain a `channel-template-spec` that defines the underlining channel implementation for this Broker, as well as some channel specific configurations. For example:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: my-broker-specific-configuration
  namespace: default
data:
  channel-template-spec: |
    apiVersion: messaging.knative.dev/v1
    kind: InMemoryChannel
```

> Or for a [Kafka Channel](../../../configuration/kafka-channel-configuration.md) with some Channel specific configuration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Kafka Channel](../../../configuration/kafka-channel-configuration.md) configuration example:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: kafka-channel
  namespace: knative-eventing
data:
  channel-template-spec: |
    apiVersion: messaging.knative.dev/v1beta1
    kind: KafkaChannel
    spec:
      numPartitions: 3
      replicationFactor: 1
```

### Broker default configuration

The `config-br-defaults` ConfigMap defines default values for any Broker that does not specify a `spec.config` or a Broker class. It is possible to define these defaults cluser wide or on a per namespace basis. Check the [Administrator configuration options](../../broker-admin-config-options.md) on how to set broker defaults cluster wide or on a namespace basis.

> ## Developer Documentation
> 
> For further information about the internals of the `MTChannelBasedBroker` and the interactions of its components, check out the [MTChannelBasedBroker developer docs](https://github.com/knative/eventing/blob/main/docs/mt-channel-based-broker/README.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Developer documentation

For more information about `MTChannelBasedBroker`, see the [MTChannelBasedBroker developer documentation](https://github.com/knative/eventing/blob/main/docs/mt-channel-based-broker/README.md).
```

Please watch capitalization (check the docs style guide for formatting info)
